more docs (#57)
equinor/template-fastapi-react: docs/getting-started/prerequisites.md

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/)
- Git
- [Python](https://www.python.org/) (3.10 or newer)

> - [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)

Reviewer: Could put "python" and "node" under a separate "If you want to run locally".
Could then also add "poetry" and "yarn"

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/)
- Git

> If you want to run locally, you also need:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run tests, pre-commit etc. outside of docker, you also need:
```
